Replace Discord links in docs with links to Slack (#1988)
kedro-org/kedro: docs/source/contribution/contribute_to_kedro.md

We welcome any and all contributions to Kedro, at whatever level you can manage. For example, you could:

- Join the community on [Slack](https://join.slack.com/t/kedro-org/shared_invite/zt-1eicp0iw6-nkBvDlfAYb1AUJV7DgBIvw)

> - Troubleshoot other users' questions or get answers to your own queries on [GitHub discussions](https://github.com/kedro-org/kedro/discussions)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Review Kedro's [GitHub isusses](https://github.com/kedro-org/kedro/discussions) or raise your own
- Start a conversation about the Kedro project on [GitHub discussions](https://github.com/kedro-org/kedro/discussions)
```
